And this is it for authentication and authorization.
As you can tell it has multiple layers for one.
Of course it affects both the front end and the back and on the front.
If we want to control what we see so that we for example can't edit places that don't belong to us we
want to be able to edit our own ones of course though we also want to manage log in and authentication
there to stay locked in.
But to also automatically log the user out once the token expired and that token is the heart of authentication
on the front and we just change what we show to the user on the back end.
On the other hand we create this token here adjacent web token to be precise we can store data in it
and we then and that's very important.
We then make sure that we also validate and verify this token so that we can protect certain routes
with a middleware year against an authenticated access.
We check whether we do have a token and if it's a valid token and then we can extract data from the
token and attached us to our requests.
Besides does authentication logic here though where we check whether we do have a token we also can
do all forestation to ensure that for example only a user who created a place is able to edit it.
This also is an important part of authentication and authorization.
And in this module you'll learn about this part as well.
With that I just got some tiny tweaks on the back end which we can apply but which you don't have to
the core of logic should be clear now and how the back end at the front end are connected there and
what the responsibility of each side is.